---
layout: post
title:  "Chapter 10 and 11"
page-title:  "Chapter 10 and 11"
date:   2015-03-11 
category: geb3213
semester: 2015S
---


##Business Reports and Proposals

###3 types of business reports

1. **Informational** 
	- Used to present data, facts, information w/o any type of analysis or commentary
2. **Analytical** 
- Presents data facts and information that has been **analyzed** (meaning interpreted, summarized, conclusions have been drawn)
3. **Proposal**
	- A persuasive report to request or promote a specific decision or action for the business.
	- Here you can have a form of report called the recommendation


**FTE - Full-Time Equlivalent** <br>
Either 37.5 hours per week or 40 hours per week

####Example of Informational Report
FERPA and HIPPA are examples of Compliance reports

####Example of Analytical Report
 SWOT is an example 

####Internal and external proposals
Internal requesting permission from managers 
External proposals when you go outside of the company

##Assignment is an anayltical proposal

##Planning, Writing, and Revising

###Planning Business

1.  **Analyze the situation**
	A. What's the problem? What is the best location for Company's HQ success?
	B. What is the general purpose? (Inform, persuade, Promote) To inform and then persuade.
	C. Then you have to ask, What is your specific Purpose? How do you formulate that?
	- You formulate your specific purpose as a statement not a *sentence*. **"To" + a Verb**
		- **Persuasive examples:** To gain, to activate, to encourage
		- **Analytical Examples**: To Analyze
	- ***To analyze the critical for factors success and recommend the best location for HQ's success.***
	- Audience Analysis:
		1. Who is this report for?
			- Partners
		2. What do they need from this report?
			- Critical Factors and the benefits and disadvantages of each
			- Your recommendation
			- **You have to define each factor and what you mean by each factor.**
				- Do we rent or lease
				- Qualified personnel. What is qualified personnel? 5-years experience? degrees?
				- Why are the factors important?
				- Define factors: Why you are defining it this way and how it's going to be used. What's included and excluded in your definitions.
		3. How are they going to use the report?
2. Prepare a work plan or a task plan
	- A work plan is simply a list of tasks, responsibilities , estimated time to complete that task, actual time to complete the task, goal dates, actual completion date of that task
	- **EX:** One of your task may be to gather information. This would be classified as a Major task. Under this Major task you will have minor task.
		- **EX of Minor task:** Complete research
			- Find 10 credible sources
			- Conduct primary research
		- Prepare a bibliography
	- Examples of Major task is **Format Report** or **Outline Report** 
3. Research 
	- Secondary research - research gathered from what other people have written
		- Evaluate credibility of the source
			- **PG. 253** Helps you analyze material you've collected
			- Look out for bias. 
			- When you research you have to give your motivation
			- See references. Is it limited?
		- Gather quotes, information and notes that pertain to your recommendation
		- Draw conclusions
			- How do you draw conclusions, through grouping
			- **Be familiar with Pages 255-258**
	- Primary Research
		- Types of primary research
			1. Surveys - used when you want to get a lot of material for a lot of people
			2. Interviews. **Formats of interviews:** 
				- One-on-One
				- Group interview
				- Focus group, which is looking at one issues
				- Email exchange
				- **Types of questions**
					- Closed-ended - Multiple choice
					- Open-ended 
				- **Sequencing of your questions.** Does one relate to another? And ask them in the sequence that will maximize responses.
				- Send questions ahead of time and give them a chance to review
				- Quotes - you have to ask for permission and you want the permission in writing.
				- No more than 5-7 questions
			3. Observations - sitting and observing and taking notes and from the notes make conclusions
			4. Ethnography 